[ADD] Appraisals: 360 Feedback (#13373)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/hr/appraisals/360.rst

along with various information related to that particular appraisal.

Each appraisal includes the following information:

- :guilabel:`Survey Name`: the name of the specific survey.
- :guilabel:`Responsible`: the employee responsible for the survey, including the month and year
  they were given that designation.
- :guilabel:`Questions`: the number of questions in that particular survey.
- :guilabel:`Average Duration`: the average time a user spends completing the survey.
- :guilabel:`Registered`: the number of people who have been sent the survey.
- :guilabel:`Completed`: the number of people who have completed the survey.
- :guilabel:`Certified`: if the survey is for a certification, the percentage of users who have
  passed the certification.

Each appraisal row offers two actions:

- :guilabel:`Test`: Opens the appraisal in a new tab to preview the questions without submitting
  answers. Close the tab to return to the list, or click :icon:`oi-arrow-right` :guilabel:`Go to
  Survey`/:guilabel:`Go to Appraisal` for the full form.
- :guilabel:`See Results`: :ref:`View response analytics <appraisals/view>`.

> .. _appraisals/request:

Reviewer: Nitpick– please update the custom anchor to be more descriptive.

Doing so keeps every anchor unique, avoiding the error "Duplicate explicit target name" when trying to use the same anchor throughout documentation
```suggestion
.. _appraisals/360-request-feedback:
```

Request feedback
================

To request feedback from a colleague, navigate to the **Appraisals** app, and click on the appraisal
card to open it.

Click the :guilabel:`Ask Feedback` button, and an :guilabel:`Ask Feedback` email pop-up window
appears, using the :guilabel:`Appraisal: Ask Feedback` email template.

First, using the drop-down menu, select the employees being asked to provide feedback in the
:guilabel:`Recipients` field. Multiple employees may be selected. Next, make any desired changes to
the default message, and attach any relevant documents.

The :guilabel:`Answer Deadline` date is automatically set to the day after the :guilabel:`Appraisal
Date` on the appraisal form. Using the calendar selector, modify the date, if desired.

Click :guilabel:`Send`, and the feedback requests are sent to the specified employees.

.. image:: 360/ask-feedback.png
   :alt: The email pop-up when requesting feedback from other employees.

> .. _appraisals/view:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. _appraisals/360-view-results:
```

**Appraisals** app. To view the surveys and their statistics, navigate to :menuselection:`Appraisals
app --> Configuration --> 360 Feedback`.

.. image:: 360/survey-list.png
   :alt: A list view of all available surveys in the Appraisals application.

Each appraisal, or survey, is presented on its own line on the :guilabel:`360 Feedback` dashboard,
along with various information related to that particular appraisal.

Each appraisal includes the following information:

- :guilabel:`Survey Name`: the name of the specific survey.
- :guilabel:`Responsible`: the employee responsible for the survey, including the month and year
  they were given that designation.
- :guilabel:`Questions`: the number of questions in that particular survey.
- :guilabel:`Average Duration`: the average time a user spends completing the survey.
- :guilabel:`Registered`: the number of people who have been sent the survey.
- :guilabel:`Completed`: the number of people who have completed the survey.
- :guilabel:`Certified`: if the survey is for a certification, the percentage of users who have
  passed the certification.

> Each appraisal also has two buttons at the end of each line: a :guilabel:`Test` button and a
> :guilabel:`See Results` button.
> 
> To see what an appraisal looks like for the end user, click the :guilabel:`Test` button. This loads
> the appraisal in a new browser tab, where it can be viewed without having to enter any answers.
> 
> To exit, close the tab. Or, click :icon:`oi-arrow-right` :guilabel:`Go to Survey` or
> :icon:`oi-arrow-right` :guilabel:`Go to Appraisal` at the top of the page to be taken to the
> detailed form for that particular survey.

Reviewer 2: small nitpick: the first paragraph seems a lil redundant since the second paragraph goes into detail about what the buttons do. How about removing the statement that the two buttons are found on each line, and skip to explaining? Also, the first paragraph mentions the see results button, but the section doesn't acknowledge it until its own dedicated section. How about briefly acknowledging it now, and creating a custom anchor to link to it later? :D

```suggestion
Each appraisal row offers two quick actions:

- :guilabel:`Test`: Opens the appraisal in a new tab to preview the questions without submitting answers. Close the tab to return to the list, or click :icon:`oi-arrow-right` :guilabel:`Go to Survey` / :guilabel:`Go to Appraisal` for the full form.
- :guilabel:`See Results`: View response analytics. See :ref:`[YOUR CUSTOM ANCHOR TO "View Results"]` for details.
```

.. _appraisals/request:

Request feedback
================

To request feedback from a colleague, navigate to the **Appraisals** app, and click on the appraisal
card to open the appraisal.

Click the :guilabel:`Ask Feedback` button, and an :guilabel:`Ask Feedback` email pop-up window

> appears, using the :guilabel:`Appraisal: Ask Feedback` email template.

Reviewer 2: the reason why I make the change is that we're documenting in a very specific manner based on runbot demo data. I'm not really sure if this is the default template that the customer would see without loading our demo data. So, I'm making this suggestion to be more broad, since the "Load template" field will always be there (:
```suggestion
appears, using the email template in the :guilabel:`Load template` field.
```

Author: This is actually what does appear by default - I never use Runbot (well, I use it to compare my bare bones database without demo data vs what is on runbot, to spot differences), and I made a separate, super minimal database to see what happens with each app. Since it cannot be used without surveys, I entered what does come by default and appears in the field.

First, using the drop-down menu, select the employees being asked to provide feedback in the
:guilabel:`Recipients` field. Multiple employees may be selected. Next, make any desired changes to
the default message, and attach any relevant documents. To attach a document, click the
:icon:`fa-paperclip` :guilabel:`Attachments` button, and a file explorer window appears. Navigate to

> the files, select them, then click :guilabel:`Open`.

Reviewer 2: Is attaching a document required? If not, we probably don't need to instruct the reader on how to attach a document, since it's a task that's not too difficult for most software users. We'd do so if Odoo's way of attaching documents is something a lot of customers are confused about because it's very different from major software like Gmail (: I would, still mention that documents can be attached (:

The :guilabel:`Answer Deadline` date is automatically set to the day after the :guilabel:`Appraisal
Date` on the appraisal form. Using the calendar selector, modify the date, if desired.

Click :guilabel:`Send`, and the feedback requests are sent to the specified employees.

.. image:: 360/ask-feedback.png
   :alt: The email pop-up when requesting feedback from other employees.

View results
============

> To view the results from everyone who has completed a surveys, click the :guilabel:`See Results`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To view the results from everyone who has completed a survey, click the :guilabel:`See Results`
```

button at the end of the corresponding survey line in the :ref:`360 Feedback dashboard
<appraisals/360-dashboard>`. This presents all the answers for the survey in a new tab. Each
question provides information on how many people responded to a question, and how many people
skipped it. All answers for each question are visible.

> To exit, close the tab. Or, click the :icon:`fa-print` :guilabel:`(Print)` icon at the top of the
> page to save a PDF version of the survey results.

Reviewer 2: Let's put the reason we're doing the action first, before the instruction :D

I'd also mention the print one first, so the user doesn't close the tab before printing

```suggestion
To save a PDF version of the survey results, click the :icon:`fa-print` :guilabel:`(Print)` icon at the top of the
page. To exit, close the tab. 
```

In addition to viewing the responses from past appraisals and surveys, new surveys can also be
created from the :guilabel:`360 Feedback` page. Click the :guilabel:`New` button in the top-left of
the page to create a new survey.

For more information on how to create a survey, refer to the :doc:`../../marketing/surveys/create`
document.

> .. note::
>    In previous versions of Odoo, this section was referred to as :guilabel:`Surveys`.

Reviewer 2: Let's not mention how things used to be! it might cause confusion when we update and maintain documentation between versions. (What if we forget to remove this note when writing version 19 documentation?) If they need to know this info, they can go to the previous version of the doc (:
```suggestion
```

Author: I forget why this was here, but this was definitely an edit form a previous review (when this was part of the main Appraisals doc)

============
360 Feedback
============

Odoo's **Appraisals** app allows managers to request feedback from anyone in the company regarding
the employees they manage. Getting additional feedback from colleagues aids in giving managers a

> better understanding of the employee's strength, weaknesses, and ability to work with others.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
better understanding of the employee's strengths, weaknesses, and ability to work with others.
```

.. _appraisals/360-dashboard:

360 feedback dashboard
======================

> The :guilabel:`360 Feedback` section displays information for all the surveys currently configured

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The :guilabel:`360 Feedback` section displays information for all the surveys configured
```

for the **Appraisals** app. To view the surveys and their statistics, navigate to
:menuselection:`Appraisals app --> Configuration --> 360 Feedback`.

.. image:: 360/survey-list.png
   :alt: A list view of all available surveys in the Appraisals application.

> Each appraisal (or survey) is presented on its own line on the :guilabel:`360 Feedback` dashboard,

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Each appraisal, or survey, is presented on its own line on the :guilabel:`360 Feedback` dashboard,
```

along with various information related to that particular appraisal.

Each appraisal includes the following information:

- :guilabel:`Survey Name`: the name of the specific survey.
- :guilabel:`Responsible`: the employee responsible for the survey, including the month and year
  they were given that designation.
- :guilabel:`Questions`: the number of questions in that particular survey.
- :guilabel:`Average Duration`: the average time a user spends completing the survey.
- :guilabel:`Registered`: the number of people who have been sent the survey.
- :guilabel:`Completed`: the number of people who have completed the survey.
- :guilabel:`Certified`: if the survey is for a certification, the percentage of users who have
  passed the certification.

Each appraisal also has two buttons at the end of each line: a :guilabel:`Test` button and a
:guilabel:`See Results` button.

> To see what an appraisal looks like for the end user (i.e. an employee), click the :guilabel:`Test`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To see what an appraisal looks like for the employee, click the :guilabel:`Test`
```

> button, and the appraisal loads in a new browser tab. The entire appraisal loads, and can be clicked
> through without having to enter any answers.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
button. This loads the appraisal in a new browser tab, where it can be viewed without having to enter any answers.
```

To exit, close the tab. Or, click :icon:`oi-arrow-right` :guilabel:`Go to Survey` or
:icon:`oi-arrow-right` :guilabel:`Go to Appraisal` at the top of the page to be taken to the
detailed form for that particular survey.

.. _appraisals/request:

Request feedback
================

To request feedback from a colleague, navigate to the **Appraisals** app, and click on the appraisal
card to open the appraisal.

> click the :guilabel:`Ask Feedback` button, and an :guilabel:`Ask Feedback` email pop-up window

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Click the :guilabel:`Ask Feedback` button, and an :guilabel:`Ask Feedback` email pop-up window
```

appears, using the :guilabel:`Appraisal: Ask Feedback` email template.

First, using the drop-down menu, select the employees being asked to provide feedback in the
:guilabel:`Recipients` field. Multiple employees may be selected. Next, make any desired changes to
the default message, and attach any relevant documents. To attach a document, click the
:icon:`fa-paperclip` :guilabel:`Attachments` button, and a file explorer window appears. Navigate to
the files, select them, then click :guilabel:`Open`.

The :guilabel:`Answer Deadline` date is automatically set to the day after the :guilabel:`Appraisal
Date` on the appraisal form. Using the calendar selector, modify the date, if desired.

> When the email is ready to send, click :guilabel:`Send`, and the feedback requests are sent to the
> specified employees.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Click :guilabel:`Send`, and the feedback requests are sent to the specified employees.
```

.. image:: 360/ask-feedback.png
   :alt: The email pop-up when requesting feedback from other employees.

View results
============

> To view the results from everyone who completed any of the surveys, click the :guilabel:`See
> Results` button at the end of the corresponding survey line in the :ref:`360 Feedback dashboard

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To view the results from everyone who has completed a survey, click the :guilabel:`See
Results` button at the end of the corresponding survey line in the :ref:`360 Feedback dashboard
```
